benefits can you take advantage of as a junior officer of the education
One, Go get your master's degree on the Navy That the Navy pay for
that. Um, you want a little, You know, I am a shift driver. I did have
an opportunity early on. Was that moderate? I could have changed
Group Pass. They were looking for nuclear. Dr. Officers, at that point,
I did not want to go to a carrier. That was all it was. A lot of
junior class cruisers were gone that for So I did not want to go power.
I will say, if you are a top 1% e key on your fit ruts. You know,
you want to think about a switch, You know, you could be a doctor.
After 30 years, you can be a dentist. You know, you can hold these
anymore, So that's kind of interesting. You know, we're unrestricted
line officers. That's mainly talking to this point. Understood the
line. What if you, after serving some good tours beside, you know,
that's an option you go to hell to send in tow. It's selected by, you
know, the detailers in transition over to medical dental nurse, medical
service score. It's a great life. I would take advantage of the
situation